{
  "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
  "repository_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM",
  "labels_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16/labels{/name}",
  "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16/comments",
  "events_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16/events",
  "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
  "id": 420104588,
  "node_id": "MDU6SXNzdWU0MjAxMDQ1ODg=",
  "number": 16,
  "title": "Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting #8 - Agenda",
  "user": {
    "login": "DBrettRobertson",
    "id": 44635923,
    "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjQ0NjM1OTIz",
    "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/44635923?v=4",
    "gravatar_id": "",
    "url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/DBrettRobertson",
    "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/followers",
    "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/following{/other_user}",
    "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/gists{/gist_id}",
    "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
    "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/subscriptions",
    "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/orgs",
    "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/repos",
    "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/events{/privacy}",
    "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/received_events",
    "type": "User",
    "site_admin": false
  },
  "labels": [
    {
      "id": 1340943396,
      "node_id": "MDU6TGFiZWwxMzQwOTQzMzk2",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/labels/Agenda",
      "name": "Agenda",
      "color": "3b47d3",
      "default": false,
      "description": ""
    }
  ],
  "state": "closed",
  "locked": false,
  "assignee": null,
  "assignees": [

  ],
  "milestone": null,
  "comments": 8,
  "created_at": "2019-03-12T17:08:19Z",
  "updated_at": "2019-04-29T18:05:29Z",
  "closed_at": "2019-03-26T16:01:06Z",
  "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
  "active_lock_reason": null,
  "body": "## Date and Time\r\n\r\nProposed time is 14:00 UTC on Tuesday, March 26th, 2019.\r\n\r\n## Location \r\n\r\nZoom: The link will be posted in the Gitter channel and sent to attendees.\r\nYouTube Livestream Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLR5V0DGZxE\r\n\r\n## Agenda \r\n\r\n1. Update on ProgPow Audit \r\n    - Hudson to give update \r\n    - Subcommittee update\r\n    - When are we shutting down progpowcarbonvote.com? Need to announce that now\r\n1. Hard Fork Coordination Update\r\n1. Process Management\r\n    - https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/pull/13\r\n    - https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/blob/5ed9af00d79e31a330203d7e0186f16a8ac9725f/ECHTaskList.md\r\n1. Moloch DAO & Aragon Review\r\n1. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem\r\n1. Update on the Ethereum Development Portal designs/structure\r\n1. Community Outreach\r\n1. [Replacing Afri as multisig keyholder](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/17)\r\n1. [Eth2 coordination help](#issuecomment-474158350)\r\n1. Ethereum.org website update\r\n1. [Communicating about all core devs](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-476645408)\r\n1. Any Other Business\r\n1. Review of Actions from Meeting 7\r\n    - ACTION 6.3: ProgPoW subcommitte to review feedback from stakeholders to see if anything should be included in technical audit.\r\n    - ACTION 6.4: Joseph to post the updated communications checklist to the ECH internal gitter channel.\r\n    - ACTION 6.7: Hugo & Joseph to work together to write up a general overview of how Moloch DAO might benefit the Ethereum Community.\r\n    - ACTION 7.1: Identify if the new Gitcoin grant was for the Whiteblock audit\r\n    - ACTION 7.2: Tim Beiko: Add comment to the All Core Devs Agenda regarding tentatively adding the ProgPoW EIP into Instanbul pending audit. Lane to assist with making it an agenda item.\r\n    - ACTION 7.3: Hudson to provide feedback on Hard Fork Coordinator/s.\r\n    - ACTION 7.4: Pooja to manage. Cat Herders to review Pooja's initial master document to manage process flow and start to build this process - [here](https://github.com/poojaranjan/EthCatHerders-PM/blob/master/ECH%20Master%20Document.xlsx).\r\n    - ACTION 7.5: Cat Herders to look the Handbook proposed by Luke Schoen and discuss over the next couple weeks - [here](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/blob/7cc3a8568f7eddb3744b182f1b560984ce3a3f86/projects/eth1.x/project-admin/project-management/MANAGEMENT_PLAN.md).\r\n\r\n1. Next Meeting\r\n",
  "closed_by": {
    "login": "DBrettRobertson",
    "id": 44635923,
    "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjQ0NjM1OTIz",
    "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/44635923?v=4",
    "gravatar_id": "",
    "url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/DBrettRobertson",
    "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/followers",
    "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/following{/other_user}",
    "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/gists{/gist_id}",
    "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
    "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/subscriptions",
    "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/orgs",
    "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/repos",
    "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/events{/privacy}",
    "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/received_events",
    "type": "User",
    "site_admin": false
  },
  "reactions": {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16/reactions",
    "total_count": 1,
    "+1": 1,
    "-1": 0,
    "laugh": 0,
    "hooray": 0,
    "confused": 0,
    "heart": 0,
    "rocket": 0,
    "eyes": 0
  },
  "timeline_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16/timeline",
  "performed_via_github_app": null,
  "state_reason": "completed"
}
[
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/472117582",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-472117582",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
    "id": 472117582,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ3MjExNzU4Mg==",
    "user": {
      "login": "lrettig",
      "id": 3316532,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjMzMTY1MzI=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3316532?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/lrettig",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2019-03-12T18:07:08Z",
    "updated_at": "2019-03-12T18:07:08Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "Could we discuss nominating a third multisig keyholder to replace Afri?",
    "reactions": {
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/472117582/reactions",
      "total_count": 0,
      "+1": 0,
      "-1": 0,
      "laugh": 0,
      "hooray": 0,
      "confused": 0,
      "heart": 0,
      "rocket": 0,
      "eyes": 0
    },
    "performed_via_github_app": null
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/473675541",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-473675541",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
    "id": 473675541,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ3MzY3NTU0MQ==",
    "user": {
      "login": "Mikerah",
      "id": 4249799,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjQyNDk3OTk=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4249799?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/Mikerah",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2019-03-17T15:19:40Z",
    "updated_at": "2019-03-17T15:19:40Z",
    "author_association": "NONE",
    "body": "Hi,\r\n\r\nI'm not sure if it's too late to add this to the agenda but I would like to see more collaboration between ECH and ETH2.0. As an ETH2.0 implementer, there is a lot to be determined and planned out that still hasn't been decided on yet. Some of us are doing this by self-organizing. However, I think it would be better to enlist the help of the ECH and better communicate ETH2.0 to the wider community with regards to project management in ETH2.0.",
    "reactions": {
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/473675541/reactions",
      "total_count": 1,
      "+1": 1,
      "-1": 0,
      "laugh": 0,
      "hooray": 0,
      "confused": 0,
      "heart": 0,
      "rocket": 0,
      "eyes": 0
    },
    "performed_via_github_app": null
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/473683138",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-473683138",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
    "id": 473683138,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ3MzY4MzEzOA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "lrettig",
      "id": 3316532,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjMzMTY1MzI=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3316532?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/lrettig",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2019-03-17T16:45:18Z",
    "updated_at": "2019-03-18T19:54:55Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "Hey Mikerah, thanks for sharing the thought, that makes sense to me. From\r\nmy perspective what would be most helpful would be a specific set of asks\r\nor tasks the herders could help with!\r\n\r\nCC @Mikerah ",
    "reactions": {
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/473683138/reactions",
      "total_count": 0,
      "+1": 0,
      "-1": 0,
      "laugh": 0,
      "hooray": 0,
      "confused": 0,
      "heart": 0,
      "rocket": 0,
      "eyes": 0
    },
    "performed_via_github_app": null
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/474158350",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-474158350",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
    "id": 474158350,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ3NDE1ODM1MA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "Mikerah",
      "id": 4249799,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjQyNDk3OTk=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4249799?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/Mikerah",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mikerah/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2019-03-19T01:05:13Z",
    "updated_at": "2019-03-19T01:05:13Z",
    "author_association": "NONE",
    "body": "The main task that comes to mind is for organizing a cross-client testnet. This will require coordination between all eth2.0 teams. With @zscole of whiteblock, we have informally been planning cross-client testnets between particular teams but we will definitely need something more organized.\r\nThe requirements to get to a cross-client testnet are kind of up in the air but here's a rough list of what needs to be done:\r\n\r\n- State tests for making sure that clients are indeed building and verifying state accordingly\r\n- A wire protocol for communicating between clients\r\n- interop tests for networking \r\n- determine the specifics of the p2p stack",
    "reactions": {
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/474158350/reactions",
      "total_count": 6,
      "+1": 2,
      "-1": 0,
      "laugh": 0,
      "hooray": 4,
      "confused": 0,
      "heart": 0,
      "rocket": 0,
      "eyes": 0
    },
    "performed_via_github_app": null
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/475188721",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-475188721",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
    "id": 475188721,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ3NTE4ODcyMQ==",
    "user": {
      "login": "lrettig",
      "id": 3316532,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjMzMTY1MzI=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3316532?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/lrettig",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/lrettig/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2019-03-21T11:06:57Z",
    "updated_at": "2019-03-21T11:06:57Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "Sounds reasonable, with the caveat that the Herders are more focused on people and processes than on tech -- so for instance I suspect they're not the right group to manage tests, protocols, or specs directly, but they could help make sure these things are being done effectively. I'll add it to the next meeting agenda.",
    "reactions": {
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/475188721/reactions",
      "total_count": 4,
      "+1": 2,
      "-1": 0,
      "laugh": 0,
      "hooray": 2,
      "confused": 0,
      "heart": 0,
      "rocket": 0,
      "eyes": 0
    },
    "performed_via_github_app": null
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/476529441",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-476529441",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
    "id": 476529441,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ3NjUyOTQ0MQ==",
    "user": {
      "login": "DBrettRobertson",
      "id": 44635923,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjQ0NjM1OTIz",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/44635923?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/DBrettRobertson",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2019-03-26T08:52:07Z",
    "updated_at": "2019-03-26T08:52:07Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "Response to ACTION ITEM 7.1. \r\nThe correct link for the Whiteblock's ProgPoW Analysis can be found: https://explorer.bounties.network/bounty/2502 ",
    "reactions": {
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/476529441/reactions",
      "total_count": 0,
      "+1": 0,
      "-1": 0,
      "laugh": 0,
      "hooray": 0,
      "confused": 0,
      "heart": 0,
      "rocket": 0,
      "eyes": 0
    },
    "performed_via_github_app": null
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/476645408",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-476645408",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
    "id": 476645408,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ3NjY0NTQwOA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "timbeiko",
      "id": 9390255,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjkzOTAyNTU=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9390255?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/timbeiko",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/timbeiko/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2019-03-26T13:46:24Z",
    "updated_at": "2019-03-26T13:46:24Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "Could we add an agenda item to talk about how to better share the outcomes of AllCoreDevs? IMO adding summaries to the transcript and sharing those more visibly on Twitter, Reddit and Ethereum Magicians would be a low-effort, high-impact first step. ",
    "reactions": {
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/476645408/reactions",
      "total_count": 4,
      "+1": 4,
      "-1": 0,
      "laugh": 0,
      "hooray": 0,
      "confused": 0,
      "heart": 0,
      "rocket": 0,
      "eyes": 0
    },
    "performed_via_github_app": null
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/476719315",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16#issuecomment-476719315",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/16",
    "id": 476719315,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ3NjcxOTMxNQ==",
    "user": {
      "login": "DBrettRobertson",
      "id": 44635923,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjQ0NjM1OTIz",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/44635923?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/DBrettRobertson",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/DBrettRobertson/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2019-03-26T16:01:06Z",
    "updated_at": "2019-03-26T16:01:06Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "Meeting complete.",
    "reactions": {
      "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/comments/476719315/reactions",
      "total_count": 0,
      "+1": 0,
      "-1": 0,
      "laugh": 0,
      "hooray": 0,
      "confused": 0,
      "heart": 0,
      "rocket": 0,
      "eyes": 0
    },
    "performed_via_github_app": null
  }
]
